Messages sent to the server must be json literals which define the
following keys:
    target: The intended recipient of the message
    payload: The content of the message to send to the recipient
If the message is sent from a client who's IP address is not
registered, or the target is not found in the devices list, then
the payload will not be processed.

If the target is "Server", then the message will be consumed by
the server directly, the payload must be a json literal which
defines the "command" key. Valid commands are:
    get_devices: Responds with a json literal which lists all of
                    the currently online devices
    device_info: Must also specify a target device using the
                    "device" key. Responds with informtion about the
                    specified device.
    device_interface: Must also specify a target device using the
                        "device" key. Responds with information about
                        the target device interface.
    register: Register a device (see below).
    unregister: Unregister a device (see below).


When registering a device, the payload must define the "name" key,
which specifies the the name by which other devices connected to
the server can contact it. Optionally (and recommended), the device
may also define any or all of the following keys:
    description: A short description of what the device is.
    version: The software version of the device.
    interface: The interface for the device to be communicated with.
                   If the interface description is more than a few
                   hundred characters. The device should instead
                   provide a link to the location of the interface
                   document online.
This information will be made available to other devices connected
to the server if and when they request it.

When unregistering a device, if the payload defines the "device" key,
then the server will unregister the device and the associated address.
If the payload does not devine the "device" key, then the server will
unregister the device associated with the IP address from which the
command was received.


If the target is not "Server", then the server will look for a
matching device, and forward the payload to that device. The message
to the deivce is a json literal with the following keys:
    sender: The device name of the sender
    sender_address: The IP address of the sender
    payload: The content of the message from the sender


The server will respond to every message received with a json
literal that includes the following keys:
    success: Boolean indicating whether the server was successful
                in parsing and excecuting the command
    message: A string containing any error messages
    (optional) response: When necessary, will contain arbitrary data
                             depending on what it is responding to

No messages sent or received may be more than 1024 characters long